Polymorphic Duplication

This is the data repository for the polymorphic duplication project entitled "Dosage sensitivity and duplication integrity shapes the landscape of polymorphic duplicates in Drosophila and humans".

Index

Trinity-assembled-transcripts-fusion-gene-Drosophila.fasta file contains all the assembled chimeric transcripts caused by duplication in Drosophila. Taking "Drosophila-2-RAL-379-MFB2-c15570_g2_i2" as an example, each header is intepreted as: species, locus ID, line, tissue (replicate ID) and unique ID generated by trinity. Trinity-assembled-transcripts-fusion-gene-Drosophila-split.fasta file contains all the 5' and 3' reads (split based on breakpoints) derived from Trinity-assembled-transcripts-fusion-gene-Drosophila.fasta. For example, "Drosophila-2-RAL-379-MFB2-c15570_g2_i2.1" and "Drosophila-2-RAL-379-MFB2-c15570_g2_i2.2" represents the 5' segment and 3' segment of "Drosophila-2-RAL-379-MFB2-c15570_g2_i2" seperately.

Trinity-assembled-transcripts-fusion-gene-human.fasta file contains all the assembled chimeric transcripts caused by duplication in humans. Taking "Human-LUMPY-70.SRR1101931.c4_g1_i1" as an example, each header is intepreted as: species, locus ID, NCBI SRA ID and unique ID generated by trinity. Similarly, Trinity-assembled-transcripts-fusion-gene-human-split.fasta file contains all the split reads derived from Trinity-assembled-transcripts-fusion-gene-human.fasta. Since fly RNA-seq data are stranded and human RNA-seq data are unstranded, ".1" and ".2" in human simply refers to the leading and lagging sequence in assembled contigs. 

RT-PCR-transcripts-fusion-gene-Drosophila.fasta file contains all the Sanger sequencing data of the RT-PCR experiments for chimeric transcripts in Drosophila. Taking "RT-PCR-Drosophila-13-RAL-208-L" as an example, each header is intepreted as: species, locus ID, line, sequencing orientation (forward, L; Reverse, R). Similarly, RT-PCR-transcripts-fusion-gene-Drosophila-split.fasta file contains all the split reads derived from RT-PCR-transcripts-fusion-gene-Drosophila.fasta.
